how do I look
am I pretty
the song smile
it time
you know this is no one's fault there's
no blame don't ever think that if you
have guilt deserve it no what do you
remember anything about the fire you do
still ooh Chanel disorder why are you
hiding this from me there's a psychotic
disorder it could be a cause of the
accident what happened just Nina
remember this girl who is this you got
no idea what problems you're gonna cause
me finder no money to know who I am you
know what happened to me I don't know
why you want to dig this up it's only
gonna cause trouble sometimes I see
these things it's like an any moment
things were just unravel if you can see
them to it maybe we could stop them
in the world
without the medication we both know it
no
it's all coming back to me did he think
back to when everything starts happening
Emily and no we're together that's
something that simply will not happen
you see it